Learning Team Agenda July 23, 2020 (#321)
emberjs/core-notes: learning-team/2020-07/2020-07-23.md

# July 23, 2020

Facilitator & Note Taker: JW

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team
- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)

> - [x] Isaac Lee (IL)

Author: I had a work meeting and couldn't attend so I think it's better that we leave this unchecked. 🙂
```suggestion
- [ ] Isaac Lee (IL)
```

There is not much in the way of news. `inElement` is now public API.

`inElement` is a helper you can use to put the rendering of a component somewhere else. There was a private `_inElement` and the behavior of the public API is flipped in terms of replace vs append.

This is an ember-wormhole-type feature. Existing addons can build on top of it.

We should see about including this in the Guides.

CM: the semantics of inElement are that it requires an element, and does not accept a string like wormhole does.

RM: It is one week late at the moment. We should open an issue for the Guides.

See https://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0287-promote-in-element-to-public-api.html for info about inElement.

### Status of the new release tools

RM: The repo is currently private and because it has hard coded server endpoints. Can make it public once we have proper env vars.

The current code only covers minor releases. When there's a 4.0, we'd have some work to do. It is possible that it could be this year, and if so, we'd need to start getting ready. Stay tuned for more details.

### EmberFest Remote Contributor's Workshop (CM, 10m) 

> There is nothing that is strictly needed form the Learning team at this point but simplabs is planning to organise a contributor workshop when EmberFest was supposed to happen. This is part of Richardo and Chris' 20% time

Author: ```suggestion
There is nothing that is strictly needed from the Learning team at this point. simplabs is planning to organise a contributor workshop when EmberFest was supposed to happen. This is part of Richardo and Chris' 20% time.
```
